I saw new and old research
Shinsuke Shimada Standing Ryusuke Matsumoto
Shinsuke Shimada diagnosis and treatment Why planted hawk who has told me about
I think you have seen so much, but also to sit ten thousand do is I that contains comic dialogue
It was attached to Shibata city
See you in class
The store of comic dialogue but I have a scene that is in the egg's and the care of the eggs or comic artist of the rabbit
Corne 1
I tried to move
There because people who sell in Manda and man is entering
Is the person who is being great thought to be the person who is thinking about interesting material
Though it was
It was different before
I think there are other people like that too
In the case of a great mortar type
I what I do to in order to have entered the world
Well I'm kinda doing from thinking neck
The first step is kneaded
I can step out properly
Fairness is a
De' 2 days say comic snow thinking 2 things
I thought that there is Do not amazing
Thinking about such things
My own shop
Companies
It was a lie in a company called a
And come to think this kind of thing Do you think we do not have so much
Given that the
It works well
I was really convinced
Why is it so?
The world is
What are you looking for
I can do it myself
It is remembering that I will do it without thinking of it there, but I am thinking about myself
That you can be whatever you want to own what you want to do their own
I wonder if I will do this
If it is something that the person who did what you can do is not asking for it
I have no money
Totally made by not even stand in the role of but it is not successful people
Because I can not please the question
I think there are many things I can do, but in that
I think there is something I can't do that people are looking for
I wonder if I should grow there
It is up to you to see this strongly
That's why
It is suddenly Nekou time to work out their own short
It is important not to say by force, but to read the later breath, but in that case
A little bit
It is important whether Nante I'd best seen this I'm the idea how to think
I wonder if it was yesterday or somewhere
Look carefully, there'll'm Who is your rival
4 to the place where say billion have seen Hairikomeru and
I can do it in the corner
I also I work has Tsu now
Seeing from that perspective a
I'm going to be able to get in
Wrap such I thinking I thought I wonder if came in my
Hey, without it too much trouble by practicing a look at this
Confidently place I go absolutely if this road
It should be a skull
I until you find it
It may be better not to move
If it moves before finding it, it is all useless
Because there are many cases that become action
The Nde pretty you'd pasture strongest was often the most to the Uzzah things useless
It's too late
Because I think that many have become Yoga' was earned at all
By all means
Their own ne ne first step is to see this
Here we heard you fight here this this child
In this work the horse eventually works well In the current work
Look properly the place've got to success
Perfectly in to the strategy Street, which is said to go here
There take a step eyes on that thought in
I think it's a common practice that one step lives in here to talk
To take that one step
Oh thinking there was here
I think I do not know know this
chrome
Even if the difference is bought and the effort of the city really is not ぇ
Oh can learn from people who say eating once Niño 11 and Thilo Satie I thought the
Even if it is important
I really thought
It is a demon and such a dvd
I think there are many
I wonder if the successful people he had said what well
It is me
It is very important to learn from such books and dvds, and then learn from such people
I Toka pretty I seminar now
I Toka target field
It's being sold
I think it's a time when things are easy to do
The advance learn from that person
If the mistaken getting on and off of put after if there is the honesty
There is to go something marriage
I think it's easy
7 minutes I thought
To various world is
small
There are a lot of people who should be apprehensive to say that it is serious, so her story of those people is properly
listen
I'm thinking of putting the product into practice
This nerve works by all means
The person who is less than himself
See you
Recommended day so I think there is an ambition to say